*gasp* - *cough cough* - *choke* TWO WEEKS!!!!! *scream* - *gasp* - *choke* - *cough cough* - *gasp* - *falls over* *silence*
Twitter &hearts;
In desperate need of a new phone!!!! WAAAHHHH!!!! D':
is at Doris' in Windsor... Having converted her to twilight-ism...she now sees the twiLIGHT!!! All hail Twilight! ;P ;P
My Mob went through the washing machine!!!! D': D': D': D': D': D': D': Sorry to all you who I haven't replied to!!!! I will when I get the chance!!!!!!
Just deleted all the people who I dont know personally and/or irritate me with their updates about 'making toast' or 'going to work' (Get. A. Life. or at least say something interesting!) and/or c4ntt SP3lll 2 saIIvv tH3r3 l1vezzz, and/or clog my fb with all their random app crapola (no.. a quiz cannot accurately predict your future... give it up already...)!! if you can read this, you're alright... hehehe :P
Is deeply, deeply ashamed that Doris prefers Top Gear to Masterchef... And very amused at how when we changed the channel from Ten to Go I stopped yelling at the TV and she started... We totally swapped... Haha
Coming to terms with the fact that I'm built for comfort not for speed... #nothingfits! #ineedtostopeatingbutfoodissoyummy
Ay Dios mio… pizza de queso y intolerencia a lo lacteo hacen una combinacion muy pero muy muy mal... Me siento horrible... Mi jesusito porfavor quitame esta cosa!!!
Sooo, like... My gorgeous mumma... Bought me a guitar today... As an early bday pressie... Cos she's awesome... :)
Honduras!!!! WHAT are you DOING?????
Reptile Expo.
melancholy...
He is jealous for me… Love like a hurricane, I am a tree… bending beneath the weight of His wind and mercy… when all of a sudden, I am unaware of these afflictions eclipsed by Glory… and I realise just how beautiful You are and how great Your affections are for me... <3
Hacked by Pahola Zepeda 4/11/10 haha
Rock, paper, scissors, lizard, Spock. Haha!  I <3 Big Bang Theory... :)
Missing my Mumma... :( would love a great big, bone-crushing mumma hug right about now... <3
Just applied for uni... Praying, praying, praying...
So glad I went to bed after halftime last night... A draw?? What is this???
A veces me siento perdida... Inquieta, sola y confundida... Entinces me ato a las estrellas... Y al mundo entero le doy vueltas... <3
Caneloni... Omnomnom... :)
Tucked into a sleeping bag on the bottom bunk... This Connect Weekend is gonna be unspeakably amazing... :) <3
22 years go by real fast... I would like to thank my mumma for everything... :) she is my hero...
According to The Australian Bureau of Statistics: Net Overseas Migration = NOM. ahahahahahah
Hmmm... I'm gonna need to go out dancing sometime soon... anyone care to join?? :] :P
It's times like this I wish I were as wise as Solomon and as gutsy as Esther... Alas, i can only be myself... My own, flawed self...
Love spring cleaning. Cleanliness is next to Nancyness. :]
I carry the sun in a golden cup, the moon in a silver bag...
Mum is making this epic traditional salvadorean soup (that takes about 24 hours to prepare and cook, and about 10,000 ingredients) for dinner tomorrow.
The house smells incredible. 

And I'm telling you this to make you jealous... 
:]
http://vimeo.com/10705639
How in the hay did I make 167 bikkies??? Right, who wants one?? Or two???
Mumford & Sons. I'm a believer.
"A lion would never cheat but Tiger woods" worst joke I've heard so far...
Youth. <3 :)
RT @JimCarrey Let's all find something 2 love about ourselves 2day.4 instance I ROCK IN EVERY WAY, TIMES INFINITY but u can start with something small ;^)
Grrr... What does one do with teenager with a teenager who says "f**k you" to her mother... in front of younger siblings... When reprimanded for not doing what mum asked her to do... (make a salad for dinner)... I'm fuming... D:<
Something about currently being the only person in the house who knows how to do the dishes, laundry, vacuuming, sweeping, spray & wiping, etc makes me feel REEEEAAAALL special... :@ :@ :@ </sarcasm>
Gonna miss church again... :(
Finally learned how to make paper cranes... Now I can die happy!! Haha!
Right... Sooo... Can anyone help me specify the diffferences between a Palliative Diagnosis and a Terminal Diagnosis??? And no, simply telling me to get off Facebook wont help... :P
Pray for me.
Congrats chileans... Well played...
Blessed. :)
Bazinga!
Awesome day with the fam... Sis & Bro-in-Law in the morning, them mum and the kiddies in the arvo... covered in doggy, parrot and goldfish kisses... I love my imperfect family :)
Today's the day, the sun is shining, the sky is clear, and I'm going to Uni!!!!!! :D
"She will hold your arms and I will beat you up, till your Spanx are the only thing holding your torso together!!" haha <3 Cougar Town
Need to find somehing to cook that requires 300g of hazelnut meal... Flourless chocolate cake, maybe?? Hazelnut macaroons?? Jammy flowers?? Hellooo, taste.com.au ...
Last day of work experience already... Loved it!
My sister Pahola Zepeda is the sis in the world because she is a beautiful angel and I'm so lucky to have a angel sister like her.
Love the 7pm Project... Haha :)
On my bed or on the couch…
This assessment is killing me. So dull... I'd seriously rather do a presentation of the process by which paint dries... including a demonstration... raaaaaaaaaah!!!
Being plagued by assessments... The only one I'm looking forward to is the Anatomy one... 50 multiple choice questions... Too easy... All the rest will probably kill me... *sigh*
Think I'm going crazy... Actually, I already knew, I just found more evidence of it this morning... Doing the washing... While I was talking to myself... And answering my own questions... #whatdotheneighborsthink? Ha!
yerraC miJ "(^;  !sdrowkcab dlrow eht gniweiv er'ew ,tuoba ytliug leef ew sgniht eht rof srehto emalb ot syaw dnif ew nehW" !!!!ti evol ,ahaH
50 First Dates :] <3
Remembering my Paulie parrot... Miss you birdface... :( rest in peace :'( <3 <3
4:20am??? Oh dear Lord..... *rolls over and goes back to sleep*
Pow!
Never thought I'd ever find myself in this place again… I know how to beat it this time… Psalm 46
Word of the day: encephalopathy. Try saying that ten times fast. Also, I wanna be a doctor...
A true friend sees the tear, catches the second & stops the third... :) <3
Soy chai. :) <3
Met Elisha today... 7 month old beautiful baby boy who's mum was on coke while she was pregnant with him... :( she is currently in and out of gaol while his amazing woman-of-God prayer warrior grandmama looks after him... His cries are so heartbreaking... But God will be glorified... <3
Passed the assessment!!! And with flying colours!!! Yay!!!! :)
The hills are alive... With the sound of muuuusic... With songs they have sung... For a thousand yeeeeaars...
Just realised how cold Katoomba is gonna be... D':}
Determined to find a way to eat a whole heap of garlic to make this bug go away... Anyone have any ideas about how exactly I could go about this??? #youwontbeseeinganyvampiresaroundmeanytimesoon
Because I am SUCH a great sister, I'm taking care of dinner tonight. On the menu: ricotta, basil and semi-dried tomato rigatoni with crispy pancetta and roasted sweet kumara, pumpkin and garlic soup.  #unleashingmyinnermasterchef :)
She's a maniac, maaaaaaniac on the floor.... And she's dancing like she never danced before...
<3 random maccas D&Ms... :)
Ok... I'll admit defeat... I suck at making cassava... Quería hacer nuegados de yuca  pero no me salen bien... :(
Mercedes SLK 55, Thou shall be mine... All mine...
Hello, all-nighter... I never want to see your ugly face again... That being said...I'll probably be meeting you again tomorrow...
#ithinkicanithinkicanithinkicanithinkican
SUNSET RIOT!!!!! Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
Youth. Epic.
Been awake for 25 hours straight!!! :|
Oh my Lord, I am not coping today... Away with you, fatigue!!! You do not belong with me! D:<
Wannabe emo/gangsta sister: "Muuuuuum... can I have money?"
Mum: "Start showing me some respect, start asking nicely and stop backchatting and then I'll consider it"
Wannabe emo/gangsta sister: "WHEN DO I FREAKING TALK BACK TO YOU??!!"
Me: "Duh..."
My lovely sister Doris is the best!!!!!!!
It is well with my soul... <3
We are His portion and He is our prize… drawn to Redemption by the Grace in His eyes… If Grace is an ocean we’re all sinking… So Heaven meets earth like an unforeseen kiss and my heart turns violently inside of my chest… I don’t have time to maintain these regrets when I think about the way… that He loves us, oh how He loves us, oh how He loves us, oh how He loves... <3
I love my life... I love my friends... I love the time and place God's put me right now... I love my God... He is so faithful... So beautiful... I'm so blessed... And so grateful... So in awe...
Having one of those days... FUSHtrating...
Driving lesson. Lock up your children and get off the road.
Masterchef... Enough said.
I wanna go to the Hawkesbury Show... At night... And see how beautiful the view from the ferris wheel is... <3
*insert wise, funny and thought provoking status here*
Should've thought twice before piping those chocolate biscuits...
Granny Smith Apple
Portugese chicken for dinner. Nom. Gonna make the hazelnut bikkies for LG on Monday... Nom nom. Remind me to get butter, flour and Nutella...
That's today done... Now to get my hair done by the lovely Tina Simmons... :) #ilovemylife
OSCA's. Lord help me...
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! D':}
Got a really early mark from tafe... Not sure whether to be excited or feel ripped off...
Oh, and further reason to praise and sing: I got 45 out of 50 in the Anatomy Exam!!! Yew!!!
RT @jillmccloghry I know with all my heart that God can do anything.
He is so faithful :) <3
Oh, and happy Anything Can Happen Thursday, everyone!!! :D
Just got bitten on the nose by a baby bearded dragon… o__O
Love that Perfect Italiano ad... "sometimes when I cook, I weep..."  *sigh*
Cold. :(
Totally not looking forward to voting... I don't look forward to looking back at this election in future years, knowing I played a part in getting a douchebag to lead my country... :| 
Stuff it! Everyone vote for me as PM!! #voteforNancy
Baby loves to dance in the dark...
There's distance in the air, and I cannot make it leave... I wave my arms round about me and blow with all my might... I cannot sense you close, though I know You're always here, but the comfort of You near is what I long for...
I want The Middle East's album...
"Flowers don't worry about how they're going to bloom. They just open up, and turn toward the light and that makes them beautiful  ;^)" - Jim Carrey
Epic old movie on 72...
Love Anzac Day. So grateful. :) #lestweforget <3
Birds singing on my shoulder; in harmony it seems; how they sing, how they sing, how they sing... :] <3
RT @cnnbrk 6.1-magnitude earthquake strikes Indonesia http://on.cnn.com/98wlhK
Who with an iPhone has Ping! ? Add me! I'm nancy_girl :)
Not the best night for insomnia... Lull me to sleep Middle East with your beautiful sound...
Good Morning Starshine! The earth says 'Hello!'
According to a guy on Martha Stewart, the most guaranteed way to eat healthy is to only buy and eat food that your great grandmother would recognize as edible. Ha! I love it!!! #whatwouldgrannysay?
The Power of Christ compells you!
Wishing my body would decide whether or not to get sick... I can deal with being sick... I would love to feel 100%... But this in-between is irritating... >_<"
Imagine my utter heartbreak at discovering my sister finished all the green beans!!! D':
RT @iheartonline “ We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
All these earthquakes... "The whole earth shakes... The whole earth shakes..."
At Unleashed... Hoo- ah!
While helping my mum do some Christmas shopping, I realised what huge games geeks we are. Wii, PS3, Xbox 360, PC... All with their own screens, games and used on a regular basis... Too funny...
My BV debut at Hawkesbury Youth tonight... Woo!
At Mt Druitt station. Bogans dry-humping within a metre of my person... And i seem to be getting high in the marijuana passive smoke... I kid you not. Oh dear Lord...
'When I'm asked what I want people to say at my funeral I say "Look! He's moving!!!"' - Rick Godwin
Go to sleep Nancy. Go. To. Sleep!
Youth was SO good tonight!!! Unspeakably good. Yip!
Don't call my name, don't call my name... Alejandro...
Ha! Just LOL'ed at the guy who "accidentally" stole the Ferarri... I mean, when someone hands you the keys to a Ferrari, you ain't exactly gonna say "Excuse me, good sir, that is not my car." :D :D
RT @DrRobi_S Humility = willingness to learn, grow & improve;  
Pride = excuses & justifications for current behaviour.
RT @LisaBevere Provocative quote to ponder - "well-behaved women rarely make history." - Laurel Thatcher Ulrich
Ooga booga!
I seriously just found Christian Reggaeton in iTunes... Bahahaha! I LOVE it!!!
Happy Mother's Day to my Mumma, the lovely Yanira Marroquin! And to every mum I know :)
Hospital corners.
I'm Batman.
'Tis 9:53... And still no teacher... And classes are meant to start at 9????? In other news::: I'm channeling my inner Mr. Bean... Bringing my own mug, tea, sugar and spoon to TAFE because a cup of tea at the cafeteria costs $3.40... and tastes like dirty water... That gives me an idea::: maybe I should bring my own reacher to TAFE...
Honestly, the athletes need to suck it up... You can't expect 5 star accommodation in a third world country!!! The sad reality is poverty does exist and you cannot expect an impoverished nation to change it's whole infrastructure just for your satisfaction!!! Demanding state-of-the-art facilities in a place that doesn't yet have a full sewerage system in place??? Aaarrrgghh!!! </end rant>
Hungry hungry hungry...
On a night like tonight, nothing compares to the utter epic awesomeness that is Mexican hot chocolate... Abuelita I love you!!!
"We're gonna dance dance dance in the freedom we know, we're gonna danca dance in the freedom we know, we're gonna dance dance dance in the freedom we know, because the freedom we know is gonna last forever" *insert riff here*
Everythings geting cancelled on me today... Which wouldn't be an issue if I hadn't been looking forward to a busy, productive day... Aahhh well... Time to work on those assessments... *sigh*
I seriously freaking love anatomy...
“Better a little grace in a harsh world, than an obsession to prove that you are right, and that someone else is wrong!” - @BrianCHouston
Was just reminded how much I love ironing... I need to iron more often...
Got to catch up with one of the bestest people in the world!! Hooray for Jess Amerin!!! :)
Ok guys, I need you all to fast and pray (and possibly sacrifice a small cow) for me today... Have major assessment I have to pass and I'm having a particularly ditzy day... Seriously...
Awesome words of wisdom from Ps. Joel A'bell: "Critics..." http://post.ly/hlCG
She limps on up to the top of a mount
Looks at the faltered harvest
Feels her sweat in the ground and the burn in her nose
And the knowing in her guts
Something's still gonna grow
She ain't leaving 'till it does.
*sneeze sneeze sneeze sneeze sneeze*
Oh, man... Go away!!!
We discovered something today. Cracker is no longer Cracker. SHE is now Imelda.
Okay, it's official. I have the BEST dog in the whole world, EVER!!!
RT @IDoThat2 I survived Y2K, 06/06/06, H1N1... 2012 HERE I COME!!!!
So thankful for where God has placed me. I love my church, I love my family, I love my friends... I LOVE life!!! And I'm sooo grateful for everything and everyone!! :) <3 LoveLoveLoveLoveLoveLoveLoveLoveLove :)
I hate Cold weather.... and my iPhone just auto-corrected "cold" to "Coldplay"... What the…?
Ayyyy Honduras... You're terrible... From now on, I'm only going for Brazil... LOL!! Go Brazil! Bahahaha!! :P
Getting a haircut on Monday... need to decide... bangs... or no bangs??
Sometimes I wonder why I bother... Then I turn the music up REALLY loud and DANCE!!!! Dance those retarded melancholy "feelings" away!!!! Haha!! #thejoyofthelordismystrength #iwilldanceiwillsingi'llmakenoiseformyking #andi'llbecomeevenmoreundignifiedthanthis
Snugglebunny
45/50 on the second anatomy exam... A total of 90/100 on anatomy!!! Yiiiieeeeaaaaawwwwwooooooooaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
"...His banner over me is Love" Song 2:4 
Just got a whole new revelation of His Love...  Oh be still my beating heart... Speechless...
"Blessed are the flexible for they will not snap."
I think I've converted Doris to a MasterChef fan... Hallelujah!!! Hehehehehe... XD
Haha! Happy Jedi Day!!! May the Fourth be with you!! Hehehehe!
"Love, Love is a verb; Love is a doing word..."
Raaaaah!!!! *pause* raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!! D:{
Dancing a Victory Dance and singing a Victory Song!!! Woo!! :)
SO EXCITED!!!! Can't wait!!!! RT @HillsongEsp Nuevo álbum en español 'CON TODO' disponible a partir del 8 de Junio en www.hillsongmusic.com
Ack! My curls are growing back!!! *grumble grumble*
The neighbours are pumpin' Justin Beiber... My eeeeeaaaaars!!! They buuuuuurn!!!
Feeling rather plain... Hmmm...
Right, so I have a Clinical Nursing Skills Assessment today... Need youse all to pray... :)
PRE-connect. Yip!
So last night I fell asleep listening to Mumford & Sons... And I dreamt that I was playing guitar on stage... Then I started singing... And woke myself up singing... Ha!
Dear athsma attack: please make up your mind. Are you going to suffocate me or not? I detest indescisiveness.
Never making pasteles again... Who was the Freak who came up with Salvadorean food???honestly...
Wooooo!! Go Argentina! Show 'em how it's done!!! Yeeeew!!
Vamos Honduras!!!
Teflon brain. :|
GNW :] <3
British accents are contagious....
I see a little silhouetto of a man, Scaramouch, Scaramouch, will you do the Fandango? Thunderbolt and lightning, very, very frightening me!
(Galileo) Galileo (Galileo) Galileo, Galileo Figaro...
Vamos México!!! Andale!!!
Just got back from an indescribably amazing weekend. He is faithful. :) <3
This is SO painful to watch!! D':}
"Oh when I die I'm alive and when I lose I find
My identity." I. Flippin'. LOVE. The Middle East.
The Middle East. Stunning band. Stunning vocals. Absolutely stunning. I'm in love... #ilovediscoveringnewmusic
Psht... Really bad game... That was terrible... Now where does that referee live???
Sooo... Any soccer games on tonight???
Very awesome Friday night... Sooo grateful to God for giving me this chuch family... Youse guys are amazing!! xx
"The girl who finds a great hairdresser finds a good thing" -Nancy's Proverbs 2010:2
Kiss goodbye to MS day tomorrow!!! Girls wear red lippie to raise awareness and kiss multiple sclerosis goodbye!! :)
STRATEGY!!! WHERE IS THE STRATEGY???
Royal Alexandria Children's Hospital at Westmead. Sooo many childhood memories in every single inch of this place; though every time I've been here I discover a new wing/ward/clinic... Nobody panic, it's just a visit to the brain injury clinic for my brother.
I'm astounded by how cruel people can be... It was sad to end a great week on that note.... Matthew 25:31-46
Just gonna stan there and watch me roar, but that's alright because I am a dinosaur...
It's Your Love that has saved me... <3
God is good. "Why?" I hear you ask. Because I can see my family being restored right before my eyes. And we got given an X-box 360 today. :D
RT @DrRobi_S Humility = focused on needs of others & willing 2 do whatever it takes 2 make a difference; Pride = consumed by what u want & when u want it.
First Aid... :|
Dear teacher: I would really appreciate it if you would actually teach us something today for a change. That's what you get paid for. Sincerely, the disgruntled student on the front row.
Some major Mariah Carey Karaoke happening over here people!!! *sings into hairbrush*
2nd Anatomy exam over and done with... Hope and pray for an equal (or better) results...
Okay my churchy family, I need youse all to pray for my TAFE class. Somebody left an intimidating note in one of our girls folders and until the person who wrote that note comes forward, the teachers are SUSPENDING all of our results. No transcript, no certificate, nothing unless the person comes forward by 3pm... Kinda reeeaaallly needing a miracle right now...
June already? Where has the first half of the year gone?
...oh wait. Here it is, under the cushion on the couch. And a pen. Sweet!
camping at Woy Woy... no reception & sunscreen allergy my only worries... Took some great photos at the beach...  Having an awesome time...
That awkward moment when all the evils and wrongs in the world are your fault because you're the one holding the map in the passenger's seat of the car. 
Speaking of which... Anyone know the way to the airport??
EEEEEKK!!!! HOW EPIC!!! HOW AWESOME!!! "http://tweetphoto.com/25143785 Here it is! New Spanish album "Con Todo" to be released in Church this weekend and globally next Tuesday the 8th" Via @ChrisAMendez
And THAT is how you play football! GO Argentina! Great game!
Is it just me, or is there a whisper of Spring in the air today?! :) <3
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAL!!!! WOO!!
Hmmm... A bit of a challenging day... But all is well...
Go the Eels.
That would have been an epic sleep-in if I hadn't stayed awake till about 4:30am...
For such a time as this...
"Many things in life will catch your eye, few will catch your heart. Pursue those!"
Author Unknown
Going home to make soup is what I'm doing...
'Haters be hatin’ = ‘Those who take pleasure in being cantankerous will persevere in their cantankerousness'
Awake my soul and sing...
"Coincidence - God doing something but choosing to remain anonymous." - Dr. Robi Sonderegger
Don't it always seem to go, that you don't know how much crap you've accumulated till you're packing...
Waaaaaah!!! :(
Ha! So I went to bed at about 3pm yesterday, with the intention of having a nap... And I just woke up now!!! Ha! That's what you get for going for 4 days with hardly any sleep! You go into a 17 hour coma! I didn't even hear my alarm!! LOL!
Hmmm...
Dearest Socceroos: good looks aren't everything. So please don't just run around looking pretty during the game. Make me proud boys, make me proud. Best of luck!
Banana bread, crappy coffee and The Middle East... Bliss! And if someone is willing to bring me Starbucks, I will love you forever!
Mwah! ;x
Housework today, youth tonight, then home to watch The Game!!! Vamos México!!!! Wooooo!!!
The stove/oven just got installed!!!!!!!!!!!!! I don't think I have ever been this excited about cooking something on the stove... I'm thinking schnizzle with kumara and potato purée, steamed veg and mushroom sauce for dinner. What say ye?
I Am... the Assessment Ninja... Hi-Yah!!! *karate chop*
When only Love... could make a way... You gave Your Life... in a Beautiful Exchange... <3
And my head told my heart "Let love grow"... 
But my heart told my head "This time no, this time no"...
My eyes on all of the above, my souk secure in all You've done, my minds made up; You are the only One for me... :)
These assessments are killing me!!! Someone bring me coffee!!! Triple venti soy latte... D:}
I love my church family... You are all amazing... :)
Living with me is worse than living with a cat... I molt... Alot...
Hmmm... headache... that's odd... I don't remember inviting you along... ever...
How Good is Grey's Anatomy!!! Waaaaahhhh!!!  I want to be like Christina Yang!!! I LOVE her!!!
MASSIVE thanks to the Starlight Foundation for donating a wheelchair swing to my little brother! He's gonna LOVE it!! And thanks for all the extra pressies so the other kids didn't feel left out... And thanks for the gorgeous cupcakes... And all the balloons... We are so blessed!! :)
Currently feeling rather invisible... Not liking this feeling...
I have the most amazing church family. Utterly grateful :) <3
Rrrr... SO annoyed at the referee!!! Wouldve been such a good game without him!! Where do they find those refs???
Xbox kinect... Pretty awesome... Merry Christmas! :)
You've got your scars and 
You've got your birthmarks 
You've got Toronto hiding on your hip, honey 
You've got your secrets 
You've got your regrets 
Darling, we all do...
Oh, man... This is hilarious!!! Latins really know how to play... Bahahaha!!!
Dodging raindrops isn't half as romantic or fun as it sounds...
What an amazing day!
Yep... He is Faithful... Love it!
Woke up at 7:30am yesterday and still haven't slept... Still going strong... I'm Soooo gonna crash after Grey's Anatomy...
Well I like it on the couch, on my bed or on the kitchen bench...
Just got back from camping. :]
Then sings my soul my Saviour God to thee; how great Thou art, how great Thou art...
Braving the chaos at the shops... And they have all run out of sage!!!! The ONLY thing I need!!!
On a double long black high... Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Um... Katy Perry... What was that???
This day has been so boring without TAFE...
Just phone calls & texts... I need to get a job ASAP before I'm bored out of my brains... Anyone need an AIN for any reason??
Allegic reaction to my moisturiser!!! Eeeek!
SO over people's pettiness!!! God help me! I'm so over it all!!
At Olympic Park for conference... And judging by the sounds I'm hearing all day from the arena... This opening is gonna be epic.
God is GOOD! <3
Unbearable, unendurable juxtaposition.
Your unfailing Love... wash over me... <3
Only 4 days at TAFE to go... Only 4 days at TAFE to go... Only 4 days at TAFE to go... God give me strength!!
2nd half... Vamos Honduras... Al menos un gol porfavorcito...
Love is the greatest spiritual warfare...
My curls are back!!! With a vengeance!!! It's like revenge of Shirley Temple on my head!!
Right... As much as I love Spain, I'm going to bed! Vamos España!!! I want you to give me good news in the morning! Andale!!
My sentiments exactly: RT @DHughesy: Happy Fathers Day to all the dads. Except the deadbeat ones. You guys should give more cash to your kids and less to strippers.
I like it at the doctor's office... On a regular basis... :)
Just bought and listened to Brooke Fraser's new song "Something in the Water" and it is SOOOOO deliciously good!!!
I love my Guapo doggy!!! :]
Playing my guitar... (feels REALLY good to say that) :] THANKYOUUUUUUU MUMMYYYYYYYY  :D :D :D
On tonight's menu: slow cooked osso bucco & mash... Omnomnomnom :D
Happy happy birthday to my gorgeous mumma!!! Not a day over 21!!! :D
I want to marry Ryan Reynolds... :)
Tix to see Brooke Fraser are just $50!!!!!! EEEEEEEEEEKKKKK!!!!
Totally just made Satay from scratch... Easy-peasy recipe right here: http://www.abc.net.au/tv/pohskitchen/stories/s2871598.htm 
SO worth the trip to the Asian shop!! 
Got loads of peanuts in it, though... But oh so yummy!!
Stan Walker is coming to church on Sunday!!!!! Pretty pumped :)
Screw this. I'm moving to Sweden.
Quite the awesome weekend going on... The highlight so far; an epic, life-changing Mexican restaurant experience... Thanks to Mr. And Mrs. Hernandez... And Youth on Friday... Youth was amazing... I Love my life... :)
Bonfire... Who's coming??
Have learned today thet dealing with a teenager is like dealing with a toddler. They want everything their way, throw huge tantrums, make huge messes without cleaning up after themselves and only want their show, nothing else, on TV. oh boo hoo.
"Release the Kracken"
Tutorial Registration: done. I now have a timetable. :) its getting nearer and nearer... :D
Is it normal and/or acceptable for a dog grooming service to not give you a specific time (they said between 2 and 4 pm)??? And to not even show up in the 2 HOUR window that they themselves said they were prepared to show up for... I've tried calling but it keeps saying therir number is busy... I'm not a very happy camper right now!!!
Guantanamera... 
Guajira Guantanamera...
Guantanameeeeeera... 
Guantanamera...
I wear a demeanour made of bright, pretty things; what she wears, what she wears, what she wears... :D <3
"The children the world almost breaks become the adults who save it" - unknown
Iiiiiiinsomniaaaaaaaa.....
Just realised Brooke Fraser's concert is on Sunday!! How fast did that time go by!!! totally pumped to take Pahola Janira Zepeda to her very first concert!!!! :)
Go the Eels!!! God is on YOUR side!!! Woooooooo!!!! LOL!
So for my little sister's 13th birthday we gave her a surprise room make-over. Her expression was priceless... :)
"someone told me they don't go to church because there's too many hypocrites, I said come anyway there's always room for one more! :-)" (via @RevRunWisdom) FTW!!!! :D
Cleaning to the tunes of Katy Perry & Pink... With the parrot singing, whistling, squawking and dancing to the music!! I have very musical pets... :P too funny!! :D
Soooo... Mum's away at a spa retreat for the weekend... And we're all wondering around the house feeling kind if lost without her here... Hope she had a good sleep in this morning... :] <3
Supremely. Irritated.
So we just bought 2 more Wii remotes and Super Mario Bros. Haha! I love my family!! :)
STAT Test today... Totally aced it... Major HSC flashbacks though... I finished first and everyone (about 100 people) turned to look at me... So I smiled a happy smile and sashayed on out of there... :)
have the muppet's swiss chef theme song stuck in my head... I don't know why...
A signed roosters jersey was just sold for $70 at the fundraiser auction... Ha!
You got a quick snap lock on your cold, cold heart...
My dog likes humping his toys to the tunes of... 
(wait for it)...
Barry White.
O_O
Pineapple Studios, you have made my day... LOL!
Currently undergoing an OCD-fueled thorough clean up of the kitchen induced by unclean spatters ON THE NEW STOVE!!!! RAAAAAAHHH!!!!
Sunshine, Lollipops and Rainbows... :) <3
So Ps. Ian Woods was pretty epic in the "Dad's Life" video clip... I'll share it as soon as it's up on Vimeo...
Stir Crazy & a movie with the fam tonight... Life is awesome :)
In Cabramatta. Where an overwhelming amount of things are being sold "spesial pwice juss for jew" :P loving it. Reminds me' so much of what El Salvador is like.
Life-changing tip: invest in a coffee grinder and use it to grind your own spices. Keep for up to 3 months in a cool dark place. You'll never buy pre-ground anything ever again because I can guarantee you it will taste like flavourless powder. I'm being totally serious.
...insomnia...
:S
Pavlova: 1 
Nancy: 0
I plan to win next time. However next time will be with double quantities, and for all the guests coming for my sister's birthday party...
*insert "dun-dun" sound from Law&Order*
I have discovered these 3 things:
1) I really wanna move to New York
2) I really wanna start to learn guitar again
3) This is the first painless Father's Day I have ever had
:)
"Love that will not dismay you, betray or enslave you, it will set you free..." <3
Who wants to take me to U2??? You will have my eternal love and devotion... :D
Ok peeps, I gots 4 tix to The Hillsong Christmas Spectacular for the 1pm Session on  Sunday the 19th to give away. Totally free. Who wants??
Happy Austraaaaaaaaliaaaaaa daaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!! And congrats to our fish. The fish stork brought 18 baby fish this week.... O__o
Sunday family picnic... Steak, salads, rice chorizos an mosquitoes. And the children outnumber the adults 2/1... And not a fly to be seen...
Bring on summer!!!
To the makers of Nuvaring: your product has me feeling particularly belligerent and nauseous tonight. More so than usual. Please explain.
I need to buy a capo...
There ain't no party like a Latino bday party... Mum pretty much bought a whole cow and half a pig to make on the barbie... Potato salad... Chorizos... Chicken... More salad... Rice... I think I just solved world hunger: send all the food here to the hungry... No seriously, take it.
Thinking about switching banks... What do you peeps recommend??
My totally awesome sister brought me so much awesome loot from LA... It is awesome...
I can haz urgent spinal X-ray? :S
Brooke Fraser's new album is the epitome of awesome. Go out and get it right now.
I whip my hair back and forth... 
*whips hair*
Qatar. We lost the 2022 World Cup to Qatar. :(
Note to self: buy a shirt that says 
"face is here ^ "
Epic birthday Lunchage happened today... Sooo muuuch fooood!! Omnomnom! Thank you all again for the birthday wishes!! You are all awesome!! :)
My romanticised notion of guitar ownership has been somewhat diminished after having to change all the strings because the person in the instrument shop gave me the wrong gauge and I couldn't be bothered going back. And now I need new bridge pins. So I'm going to have to go back anyway. And I feel nauseous and moody. Blah.
In all my rush to get a caffeine fix, I forgot to ask for my caffeinated beverage on soy... And I only just realised... Oh dear...
Big Bang Theory. Season 3. Boo ya. :)
This year has gone by too soon. Here's to an epic 2011. Happy new year everyone!! :)
GJ's tangerine & grapefruit iced tea. blended. Perfect. :)
Coconut cake
My Pomeranian now looks like a cat. But I still love him
In a completely nostalgic mood... Missing my family overseas heaps... Wish we could all just get together in the one place... Amo y extraño mi familia... <3
I attended the most amazing, joyful, beautiful wedding today. A huge congrats to Mr. and Mrs. Pete and Lisa Vogel!
New stove/oven installed tomorrow!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! *crazy happy dance* [if you're wondering why I'm so excited, we've had the same old crappy gas-leaking, oven-door-won't-close-properly-so-everything-comes-out-both-burnt-and-raw stove for 3 years]
Making cherry pie... :]
Scrubs :) <3
Spending the first day of the new year at home with vintage Latino movies (INDIA MARIA!!!), epic Latin food & drink (panes con pollo, tamales, horchata y abuelita), the air conditioner and my FAAAAMILYYYYYY!!!!
2 steps forward, 1000 steps back. And this goes on till you can't see the point of even trying anymore...
"To be like the rock that the waves keep crashing over. It stands unmoved and the raging of the sea falls still around it." - Marcus Aurelius
Joyeux Noël <3
For some bizarre reason i cannot fathom, I have had a Soulja Boy song stuck in my head aaaaaaalll daaaaaayyy loooong... "now watch me, yoooooooooooouuuuuuuu, now watch me, yoooooooooooouuuuuuuu"
Love how a song can change your whole mood... Currently whipping my hair back and forth whilst not letting haters keep me off my grind and fighting until I get there.
El color de mi vida cambio desde que tu llegaste...
First season of Grey's Anatomy. Oh. Yes.
Totally just had a massive epiphany. The question now isn't where I go to from here. Nor is it how to get there. The real question is do I have the courage to do what it takes? 
*resists urge to hide in a corner*
My dog is totally in a turkey coma!!! He loved the stuffing more than the actual turkey... Oh how I love my Guapo!!!
One of those days... :@
Surviving on 3 hours of sleep is never any fun...
Motorbike or scooter??
The rumble is low and the heat is high, 
Got a feeling that there's rain out in the oil black sky, Gonna chase away the devil when that sun does rise, gonna... plead the Blood...
Belligerent ureters. Sounds like a band name, but they are keeping me awake with their revenge for having had too much caffeine yesterday. And that's ureters not uterus.
Getting my geek on watching Star Wars...
Excellent news: I found the library.
Egyptian Government just cut off all internet connections with rumours of cutting of power, water and telephone connections. Pray.
*Oprah giveaway voice* 
I got an OFFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERR!!!!! 
And YOU get an offer! And YOU get an offer! And YOU and YOU and YOU get an offer!!! You ALL get to take home an OFFER! 
*crowd goes psycho crazy wild*
Can't Find my Police Check thing.... quite possibly may have left it forgotten in a photocopier.... gah!
Meep!
How's your day going? Hey, remember when Bambi's mom died? Bam, shot dead. Anyway, continue with whatever you were doing.
If you can read this. Congratulations! you do not annoy the living daylights out of me by clogging my feed with your idiocies. you have survived my recent facebook cull. Woohoo!!
Ok peeps. Brace yourselves. Sit if you are standing. And please remain calm. I have an announcement: I... Am... Going to be an aunty!!!!!!! Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!!!!!! :D
Dearest shoe fairy, if you could please drop a pair of black Doc Martens in a size 8 on my doorstep, i would greatly appreciate it. :)
Aruba, Jamaica, ooh I wanna take ya to Bermuda, Bahama...
Discovered today my new celebrity crush... Hayden Christensen... It may or may not have everything to do with my recently discovered Star Wars fandom... I don't care... I just want him to hold me... Like he did by the lake on Naboo...
So I awoke at 5:00am this morning, left the house at 5:55, while it was still dark. 
As I was walking to the bus stop, contemplating the creepiness of the situation, a van with the headlights on turned around the corner behind me. 
And then it happened: yes folks, my own shadow scared the living heebee jeebees out of me this morning.
First day of uni... and everything that could have possibly gone wrong did... which means it can only get awesome from here... :) totally exhausted...
Oh, hello autumn. . .
Okay, you can go away now.
Passive smoke. Sexy.
Not.
*gag*
Gah... slept in, didn't have time to pack lunch, paid $6 for the tiniest sandwich in the world... Just remembered a BLT is supposed to be toasted and have actual bacon... And I could have bought a bigger, yummier and cheaper one at 7/11... *shakes fist at uni kiosk*
Dear Everyone: if I ever go missing, look for me in the UWS Hawkesbury library... I totally want to live in there...
Just discovered, in the worst possible way, that we appear to have a wolf spider infestation... It almost bit my dog!!!!!
1 week in and I'm loving Uni... had an intro to anatomy & physiology lecture yesterday and I was so happy... :)
Looked for inspiration, found a book about Florence Nightingale. Currently reading it, totally inspired... I have found my inspiration!!! It's so inspiring... 
*passes out from exhaustion*
Sooo much printing... killing soo many trees... there has got to be a better way to do this...
So freaking happy... So freaking exhausted... :)
When a random chick sat in my seat during yesterday's lecture I almost pulled a Sheldon Cooper. 
''That's my spot. You're in my spot. Why are you sitting in my spot? That's my spot''
My pets are possibly the two strangest, cheekiest and most hilarious little beasts in the universe... As I wrote this my parrot drank my coffee and picked a fight with a pen while my dog chased a fly around the room...
Sudden urgent need to bake something...
"Be the type of person that when you wake up in the morning the devil says "Oh, shit... they're up..."- Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson
Asshats of the world: STOP KICKING MY WHEELY BAG!!!
The random moment Boy & Bear's "Ode to the Rain" starts playing just as it starts raining outside...
Ah!! I really need to get glasses soon!!! Its all too blurry!!
Sitting behind some lad on the bus who reeks of Lynx, cigarettes and pheromones... *holds breath*
Dear ALDI Erskine Park: 
Thank you for employing warm, friendly, helpful and really really ridiculously good-looking guys. 
My grocery shopping is made a little bit more enjoyable. 
From, me :)
Freud was an asshole. That is all.
Figured out how to do double-sided, 2-pages-per-side printing!!! Totally pumped!!! Environmentally friendly high-fives all round!!! Woohoo!!!
Very thankful for having taken that random Toastmasters course at school all those years ago... Just had to do an impromptu 2 minute presentation on Freud (and his assholery). And I reckon I did pretty good :)
Went for a jog yesterday evening. Loved it but regretted it this morning when the climb up The stairs in Blacktown Station almost made my legs fall off...
Question is; should I go for a jog again tonight?
Anyone seen that episode of How I Met You Mother where Barney runs a marathon and then ends up stuck on a train because he cant move his legs? Thats probably gonna be me today...
Watermelon... Wait, no... Nectarine.... Hang on... Kiwifruit... Rockmelon? Kumquat? Persimmon? Mandarin??? Mango??? 
Are you all breast cancer aware now???
Noah and The Whale, you make me so happy :) <3
Wait... What comes after Sunday??? WHAT COMES AFTER SUNDAAAAYYY!!!?????
And which seat should I take???
"The awkward moment Rebecca Black asks Justin Beiber to do a duet and he has to say 'Never!'"
ROFLOLMAOZEUNG!!!!
How much of a geek am I for being so freaking pumped about getting my Anatomy & Physiology textbook today?
Creepy creepy creepy guy on train (and his buddy) kept asking for my phone, trying to rip a seat off the train and smoking in a carriage with sealed windows. Yikes!
"Good thing I brought my axe cane."
To the chick who sat in my spot today: *force choke*
Stock up on earplugs and brain bleach: Rebecca Black is working on another single. Maybe she'll sing about the food pyramid this time?
I can neither confirm nor deny that I forgot I had dye in my hair and left it in for 40 minutes longer than I should (or should not) have. Nor can I identify what colour it has turned out.
Handed in my first assignment today... Is it weird that I get more nervous about take home assignments and essays than I do about exams???
Doc Martens: black or brown???
What would Kermit vote??
Decision time.
Impromptu trivia comp at the uni cafe...??? Bring it!
The music industry was dead. It is now undead and come back an is the Antichrist.
http://perezhilton.com/2011-03-30-rebecca-black-new-single-called-lol
vUWS is down. Why is vUWS down?? I need to go on vUWS and its DOWN!!! </rage>
Feeling nauseous, anxious and demotivated... Not the best combination for a good nights sleep. *le sigh*
My brain. Is full. Can't. Fit. Anymore. In... Must... Finish... Reading... Text... Can't... See... Too... Blurry... Glasses... Food... Coffee... Must... Stay... Awake... 
*silence*
Today is a day for Viking boots.
2 exams today. 1 in-class and 1 online. 1 Psychology and 1 Clinical Practice. *headdesk* headdesk* headdesk* 
I'll be fine. Just need to remember everything.
Just had to do a timed online assessment. The signal dropped out at the very begining and by the time I reconnected I had 5 minutes to complete it. Talk about an adrenaline rush....
Got 85% on a quiz that I completed in less than 5 minutes... 
....
ZOMG... Last night I dreamt about zombies and robots and zombie robots... And trying to drive a bunch of people to safety but the car kept on stalling. And then giant zombie dogs surrounded us. So I pushed the boost button on the wii remote and we got away...??? What???
Utter relief.
Gotta get down on Friday.
Sooo... I'm sitting in a quiet room in the library all by myself and the lights randomly start swinging... Ummm... The power of Christ compells you???
Still got a crapload of stuff to do... I ain't no quitter... I'm only going home because I'm hungry...
Referencing.
*headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk*
:( my kidneys hate me...
Baking banana bread.
"What do Stevie Nicks, Vladimir Putin and Osama bin Laden have in common?
Well, apart from duets with Rihanna, they're all baby boomers!"
<3 TAYG
Friends! Countrymen (and women)! Lend me your iPhones!!!!
Minime Driving School has released an app of epic proportions!!!! 
Go forth to thy app store and seek "learner driver". 
Seriously though, peeps, it's awesome.
Just won 2 passes to the Sydney Vintage Fair this weekend!!! :D :D
*chews fingernails*
*runs to tall building*
*climbs to top of building*
*runs to edge*
*shouts out to the world:*
IM GONNA HAVE A NIECE!!!!! WOOOOOO!!!! IM GONNA HAVE A NIECE!!!!!!
*steps carefully away from edge of building*
*does crazy happy dance*
:D :D :D
Dirty bit.
*shuffle shuffle jerk jerk*
Pahola Janira Zepeda is awesome, nothing is awesomer in the world then her :P
Pahola Janira Zepeda, I appreciate you putting a photo of yourself as my profile picture... I really do :)
Dear Marian Carey. 
Get out of my head.
Kthnxbai
Need to get out of the house...
*Le sigh*
L.I.F.E.G.O.E.S.O.N.
<3 GNW. :)
Random thought of the day: Drew Barrymore is awesome in the CoverGirl ad, and I want those outfits...
Nando's then Rio with le family. :)
Note to self: must watch Cars 2 and The Smurfs.
Hummingbird heartbeat
She's a rock 'n' roll survivor with pendulum hips...
Off to paint the town red with the lush Miss Lily Cheng. :)
?_?
Halo. :) <3
? ? ?
The great I Am, no more reason for mourning
Gotta get dressed, gotta say my prayers
Can’t show my hosiery, gotta grab my rosary
Crossing myself, Bible in hand
Teaching on and on, everybody’s learning
Gotta hit this kid with a “thwop”
Gotta Hail Mary, Jesus is my frieeeend
Kneeling in the front pew
Singing in the back pew
Gotta ask for guidance
Which prayer should I sayyyyyy
Thank You for seeing me, loving me and saving me. :) 
Happy Easter <3
Making epic beef & lentil soup for dinner tonight. :) omnomnomnom
"It's only fools who look for logic in the chambers of the human heart."
Bebeh shopping for the bebeh... :)
Teh bebeh's room is almost done!!! We even found the perfect chandelier to go with her canopy and cot (and change station and wardrobe). Can't wait to meet my little niece!!! She's gonna love her nursery!!!
Soy green tea latte. Nom.
Bambi. :)
Pondering Canada...
Lost my USB.
Shit.
Doo doo doodoodoo doodoo doodoo doo...
I bet the dress will be Alexander McQueen...
Thoughts thus far: I lol'd at Beatrice and Eugenie's ridiculous hats. How gorgeous are the flower girls???? The Queen looks lovely. That fanfare is what should play every time I walk into a room...
Gorgeous Alexander McQueen dress. Kate is stunning.
Oh Beatrice... That hat is ridiculous... What were you thinking?
Oh, how lovely!!!
Beatrice's hat is now on twitter. It wasn't (isn't) me'.
So mum and the siblings are off to a holiday park tomorrow arvo, leaving me quite happily alone for the rest of the week. The house is gonna be so clean and quiet and awesome :)
Bin Laden dead??? I'm intrigued, yet suspicious...
Epic hot bath, bottle of wine, Harry Potter, new Noah & the Whale... Bliss... :)
This tweet made me smile: @Rove1974: RT @spinafekt "The girl married her Prince. The bad guy is dead. It's a real Disney weekend here on Earth!" (via @Meshel_Laurie)
Just impulse purchased a Sphygmomanometer on nursesstuff.com... Okay, bedtime...
*sneeze* *sneeze* *sneeze* *sneeze* *sneeze* *sneeze* *sneeze*
*pause*
*sneeze* *sneeze* *sneeze*
*sneeze*
"Hold me, like you did by the lake on Naboo; so long ago when there was nothing but our love. No politics, no plotting, no war."
Happy may the fourth :)
It's a trap!
John on Masterchef has cerebral palsy. For that reason alone I hope he wins... I don't think I can watch without crying, though...
Oh freaking heck... *sniffle*
Go John go!!! *sob*
Now playing: "Melt My Heart to Stone" - Adele
(this flu is really helping my husky jazz voice...)
"I'm unwashable, unrinsable, like an abandoned school, I have no principle."
Jeepers... Got my exam timetable already...
But it feels like I only started uni a week ago!!! Eep!!! 
Although, they're teaching us crisis handling skills in the 2 weeks before the exam... Can't say we're not skilled to handle the pressure... Not sure if that's a good or bad thing... :S
*sigh*
So I bought the Rio soundtrack... and now there's a serious one-woman fiesta happening in the furthest, quietest corner of the library... 
*dances samba*
Salsa dancing at bus stops is frowned upon. This needs to change. Viva la revolución!!!
I'm eating the most amazingly crispy, crunchy, juicy, yummy, tasty apple and I had to share it with you all. :)
I lost my voice!!! Waaaaahhhh!!!! :(
Mum keeps asking me questions and making fun of my raspy whisper... 
D':
Home alone nursing a horrid cough and a wretched sore throat... Woe is me... :(
But big thanks to my mum for letting me stay home and rest... Happy Mothers Day!
I'm sniffling and coughing in the corner of the library... Someone bring me soup...
Today is one of those days where the same song is stuck in my head from the second I wake up... LAst time it was Mariah Carey... This time its Keri Hilson with Kanye and NeYo... fml...
My subconscious has the weirdest taste in music... Nicki Minaj is on repeat in my head today... Why, oh why???
Time goes too slow... 
Why is it still only Wednesday???
 
And too fast... 
It's May??? Already??? 
*le sigh*
Damn you plateau!!! Damn you to heck!!! I'm gonna have to actually put some effort into this now... Harrumph!!!
Alabama, Arkansas... I do love my ma and pa... <3 <3 <3 :)
Ah, Mt Druitt station... You give me such warm fuzzies at this time of night...
</sarcasm>
Wearing my little sister's jeans and my little brother's shoes because I haven't done my laundry...
Some chick next to me just spritzed a perfume that smells remarkably similar to hospital grade pine-scented disinfectant... Must be the new Britney Spears eau de toilette...
Apparently Facebook has been hit by a virus that sends insults to all your friends, so I'd like to say to you all that it's not me. 
You bastards.
2 things:
1) The School of Nursing Staff at UWS Hawkesbury are awesome. 
2) Has anyone seen my mum? I haven't seen her since she left this morning and I'm trying to get ahold of her... She won't answer the phone... if you see her tell her I'm trying to get in contact with her... She looks like me but with green eyes...
Felt my niece kick yesterday. :) cheeky little beanie girl. :)
Hitting the markets with Doris, Mario and teh bebeh... :)
I haz a sad... :( :( :(
So I have a laceration of epic proportions on the back of my right heel... It's epic...
The Avett Brothers... Totally making my day :)
The Civil Wars and Alexander Ebert... 
Enough said.
Let it be known that business casual attire does not suit me at all... I look like a 50-year-old school teacher... Which wouldn't pose a problem if I was a 50-year-old school teacher... But I'm not... I'm a 22-year-old student!!!
Was followed around for 3 hours by a bunch of kids... Cute... For the first 20 minutes... Until Charlotte starts pinching and pushing Emily and Abby... Bean becomes the spawn of Chucky and kicks Bryden and threatens to kick me in the face, then Archie slaps Jade...
And I had to go all Supernanny on their asses...
So my iPod on shuffle is probably the greatest thing ever...
Clinical Immersion... From 9am till 4pm... Currently observing the eating habits of fellow uni students to discuss in class... Then I have to analyse myself and do my own care plan... To discuss in class...
Hmmm... I've gone from having a really nice day to really reeeeaaalllly irritated...
I don't like it when people ruin my groove...
That boom badoom boom boom badoom boom bass...
Making slow cooked osso bucco for dinner tonight... It smells amazing...
Sudden urgent need for trifle.
At the Pregnancy, Babies and Children Expo, where the rule of thumb is all females of childbearing age are considered pregnant until proven otherwise... I'm just a supportive aunty!!!
About to analyse myself using the Roper-Logan-Tierney Model and make a care plan for myself using the NANDA Model...
Must figure out how to justify writing "NEEDS MORE CHOCOLATE" a the treatment/prevention of everything...
Funniest thing I read all day: "@DrJavaBeans: "God's fiery chariot was delayed. He can't decide whether to be kickin' in the front seat or sittin' in the back seat." #rapturefailexcuses”
Totally obsessed with The Civil Wars right now... Their voices are like silk... *sigh*
So the parrot has decided to get all territorial with the utensil drawer... Stupid freaking bird bit my freaking hand...
*headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk*
My siblings are deciding whether I'm Darth Sidious or Chancellor Palpatine... Because I'm walking around in a snuggy...
Note to self: the world is a lot less blurry when I remember to put my glasses on... You'd think that would be obvious by now...
Compartmentalisation has never been an issue for me, you just do what needs to be done. A two hour lesson on how to compartmentalise seems a bit redundant... Hope to learn something new...
I need more Beyoncé in my life...
The flu shot got me all woozy... Woooozzzzyyyy..... 
And my arm feels weird...
I have decided: My Graduation gown will be like Beyonce's back-up dancers on Oprah right now...
YOU get a giant oak tree!! And YOU get giant oak tree!!! YOU!! YOU!! YOU AND YOU!!! YOU'RE ALL TAKING HOME GIANT OAK TREES!!!!
...and it knocks you down 
just get back up when it knocks you down...
Creepy people are creepy... 
Some guy sat right next to me while I was waiting for the train... Like... Almost on my lap... And now he's followed me onto the carriage that I got on trying to get away from him... Ick!
Creepy McCreeperson got off at Quakers...
*PHEW*
Gotta get down on Friday... :D
Papa-paparazzi... <3
The Vivid Sydney Light Festival is on tonight!!!  Who wants to go???
JayJays is awesome... Srsly...
Two nuns walked into a bar. 
The third one ducked.
*ba-dum-ch*
Someone on the train appears to have bathed in CK1 this morning... Lovely...
Uni wifi isn't working...frsholbvjeyjhaghrig
What a head-desker of a day...
*writes complaint letter* 
"Dear... Mr... University of Western Sydney... I... Am a white... Woman... Living in... Australia..."
Watched about 10 minutes of 4corners tonight, and I felt so sick :( those poor creatures... :( 
I haz a sad now... D':
That awkward moment when Sean Kingston was injured in a Jet Ski accident & you keep thinking 'somebody call 911...'
My pants are missing... I kid you not... Last night I checked I had a couple of jeans and some tights... Now its like they've just... Walked away somewhere... All I have are the pyjama pants I'm wearing... How does that even happen???
Keep on dancing till the world ends...
Cognitive dissonance...
Getting another needle... D:
Heh.
http://godhatesshrimp.com/
Creepy train guard... Yuck!
"I am Nicki Minaj, I mack them dudes up, back coupes up, and chuck the deuce up..." :D
"It's my caution not the cold;
There's no other hand that I would rather hold..."
"Contexts of Nursing" is the dullest, driest most boring book of all time... Of ALL time... 
*headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk*
Mamase mamasa mamakusa.
<3 Maroon 5 :)
Really, reeeaaallyyy itching to have more ink done...
<3 The Killers :)
Somehow, I have defied medical science and caught an unbelievably killer flu... 2 weeks after getting my flu shot... 
*headdesk*
So my nurses' watch decides to go missing on OSCA day... 
@#(&$^!&$^! #&^$&^#!^%#&^*&#^)!^~^$#$% @~&....
haciendo quesadilla... because I'm awesome...
First exam this arvo... 
Exam ninja mode: on.
This sinus infection has me talking like "The Nanny" Fran Fine... *nasal laugh*
''You know, whenever I see these starving kids in Africa, I just wanna cry...
I mean, why can't I be that skinny???''
''Aaww, it's ok Megan... Just think, with those bloated tummies of theirs they couldn't wear belly rings.''
-White Chicks
Via Patti Lugaiso: "Best call of the day: 'To everyone who calls? this BEAUTIFUL woman fat (Adele); Fat is a temporary caloric imbalance, but stupid is a permanent genetic malfunction!" #shutdown!
To make apple pie or not make apple pie?
That is the question.
Qu'à chaque instant qui vole je puisse toucher le ciel...  :)
Nova is currently rickrolling it's listening audience... LOLOLOLOL!!
If it's not like the movies...
That's how it should be...
Hahahahahahahahahahaha!!!! Epic convo at Richmond station with some random drunk dude...
Sacre bleu!!! That Patisse place looks aaamaaaaziiinggg!!!
So I'm thinking satay squid for dinner tomorrow... Pear and frangipane tart for dessert...
Rolling in the deep...
Getting my Latin on at the Uruguayan club... *dances salsa while simultaneously eating asado and drinking mate*
CHIMICHURRI!!!!! con CHORIZOO!!! eeejaleee... :D
Floating... Floating out of the physio's office...
I WANT TO GO TO SPLENOUR IN THE GRASS!!! D': D': D': D':
#poorbrokeunistudent #sadface #capslockday
Baby loves to dance, loves to dance in the dark...
Don't be a drag just be a queen.
Virgin bloody Mary = fail.
What a lazy Saturday...
Me: "No, don't put Race To Witch Mountain on, that's such a crappy movie."
Mum: "It's not my fault you're scared of aliens!"
Me: "Are you sure? You could have caused some serious childhood trauma or something"
Mum: "Trauma? What did you look in the mirror or something?"
:O :O :O :O :O :O
Sudden urgent need for pudding...
I don't like the cleaning lady... She's this black hole of negativity that sucks the hope and joy out of everything... And apparently she means well... Which makes it worse... Ugh...
Aaahh!! I freaking love Marco Pierre White!!!
I wish Morgan Freeman would narrate my life. Or David Attenborough... It would be so much more interesting... Doing the dishes would be described with such grace and eloquence that I may actually enjoy washing up...
Hayden looks delicious. 
I mean, Hayden's STEAK looks delicious. 
No, no I meant the first one...
If the flesh that I find 
Is at best
Only light and momentary,
Then of course I'll feel nude 
When to 
Where I'm destined I'm compared
My letter is I.
Something I like: Irish nut latte
Something I dislike: infectious diseases
Something I love: iPhone
Something I hate: ignorance
Like & I'll give ya a letter
P.S. I Love You...
Bebeh shower preparations... :D
I kissed a fish and I liked it
Taste of it's fishy fishness
I kissed a fish just to try it...
I'm so gonna move to New York one day... Don't think I'll be happy with just a few days stay... Totally want to live there...
Oh the things you could do with edible glitter...
WOOHOO!!!
http://www.edibleglitter.com.au/
Tasting different gourmet cupcakes to decide which to order for the baby shower. #thuglife
Watching "Escape from Alcatraz" with Mum and sisters. Taking copious notes...
So I just spent $6 on three tiny bananas...  Totally worth it.... Nom!
I wholeheartedly disapprove of this cold weather and wait longingly for summer...
It's too early...
Zut alors...
3 words: te-ki-la
Best day today :)
Watching "Gone with the Wind" :]
"Ever since that song came out, everyday they been shufflin'!"
I want Miranda Kerr's life...
What a lovely ep of MasterChef... Unity makes me happy...
On the farm
Every Friday
It's rabbit pie day...
Le temps s’est arrêté, 
Les heures sont volages...
Les minutes frissonnent 
Et l’ennui fait naufrage...
Missing El Salvador... Swimming in the river... climbing the trees... eating the oranges from Tio Tonio's orchard... Mango verde con sal... My Tias... Tia Consuelo's chocolate caliente... las pupusas que hacia la Frita de chicharron y queso con chipilin... Los Termos del Rio... even las vijilias mi Tia Blanca would host every miercoles... walking to the river with a gaggle of cousins and neighbours... waaahhh... :(
You know that feeling... when you think you may have forgotten something... but you don't know if you have... or what it is you may or may not have forgotten?
TOP GEAR!!!!!!11!!!!1!!1!!!!1!1!!!!eleven!!!11!1!!!!!!!!
Under my umbrella ella ella eh eh eh
Happiest of birthdays to my mumma! She is awesome. Love ya mum!!! :)
The most pointless math workshop today... Took the educator about 3 hours to explain what a milligram is... And there were people who still didn't understand at the end... Why are you in uni if you don't know what a one thousandth is???
Sudden urgent need for beetroot risotto...
They're making Captain Planet into a movie!!! Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!
Only 112 days till summer... 
*weeps quietly into snuggy*
So, the "Party Rock Anthem" video makes me wanna watch "28 Days Later" but that movie freaks me out... :/
RIP Amy Winehouse... :(
"I wasn't that drunk." 
"Dude, you were hugging an old man with a beard, screaming 'Dumbledore you're alive!'"
My delirium...
"I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really ridiculously good-looking"
-Derek Zoolander
I solemnly swear I am up to no good.
Teehee
Patience: it's a virtue.
It's humourless and comical at once...
An unhealthy obsession with clavicles...
My dog likes pears. And melon. And mandarin. And apple. He doesn't like raw meat.
“Of all the bad men, religious bad men are the worst" - C.S. Lewis
Pretty sure my sister's baby shower is gonna be the best ever...  And not just cos I'm gonna be there...
I love Betty White, but this has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen...
Light soy = watery abomination.
Loverly day doing some baby shopping... However I now know more about breastfeeding than I ever really wanted to know...
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. 
Best. Movie. Ever.
She's got a fool-proof plan for a lonely life...
She won't be no one's daughter and no drunk man's wife...
If a wife at all...
It's a silly institution...
“@triplej: Loved @noahandthewhale - they had the crowd singing to Bohemian Rhapsody before they even hit the stage! Go the intro music! #sitg #splendour”
WHY WASN'T I THERE??? WHY? WHY? WHY?????
Aaaahh!!! The cleaning lady's here!! 
*hides under bed*
First day of August and spring is already in the air... *fist pump*
Could one of you clever chickens please explain to me (in a way that I can understand) what an annotated bibliography is?
It'll be a freaking miracle if I make it through this semester with my sanity intact...
Wanderlust...
Almost imperceptible, one can't see it with the naked eye...
Oh, but I can...
In over my head...
Her sparkle is all painted on...
It's Love, it's Love that holds us, we will be alright. <3
WHITE CHICKS IS ON!!!!!!1!1!!1!!!1!!1!!!
Slipped in a fish slime puddle at Cabramatta... Overcone with a sudden urgent need to shower in Dettol and PineOclean and alcohol... And possibly boiling water....
So my sisters and I have pretty epic event planning and coordination skills...
Can't get back to sleeeeep...
Anyone seen my glasses?
Was just woken up by my little brother and sister screaming "NOOOOOOOOO!!!!" because Kate won MasterChef...
My sign is vital
My hands are cold.
This train has clean seats, warm air con and is not overcrowded. CityRail, you're really spoiling me today... Gosh...
Woah... Sudden crash from a caffeine buzz... The room: it spins.
*headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk* *headdesk*
So damn exhausted...
Teflon brain
After a day of eating nothing but a fruit and nut bar and a Monster, this is the best carb overload ever. And now, to nap.
Facebook, Y U NO WORK???
So sad... Please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity. People need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously. You could be sitting next to a stupid person right now. There is still no known cure for stupidity and sympathy does not help. But we can raise awareness! 53% won't re-post this because they don't know how to copy/paste
FLASHDANCE!!!!1!!1!!1!!!!!!
*dances like a maniac on the dancefloor*
I haven't felt this sick in ages... *gag*
"Shut up Katherine Heigl, you stupid liar!!!"
The heartstopping moment your sister disconnects the usb cable connecting your iPhone to the laptop while the iPhone software is updating... *rage*
All my contacts were wiped from my phone... *headdesk*
I don't think it's possible for anything to cheer me up the way the PussyCat Dolls do... 
#dontchawishyogirlfriendwashotlikeme
"Making your lamb wear a bikini so your neighbours think you have a Lamborghini" 
Ahahahahhahahahaha
Still wiiiiiide awake... Why? WHY!?
The awkward moment mum tries to set you up with some random trying to sell us karate lessons... No. I'm not interested. Why would you think I am?
Pondering Adam Levine's nomability...
Omnomnomnom...
Dear Commonwealth Bank:
Having a prerecorded voice tell me that "you apologise for any inconvenience" doesn't really fix anything.
"If I could run across a beach into my own arms, I totally would"
Hahahahahaha... Truer words have never been spoken. LOL!
Would you believe me if I told you I left my house at 7:30 and just got to uni half an hour ago...
Random white rabbit keeps showing up at our house...
Helsinki Syndrome.
"I tell my love to wreck it all,
Cut out all the ropes and let me fall...
...Right in this moment, this order's tall"
Butterscotch bananas.
Ryan Reynolds... Omnomnom...
So over this shiz... I'm dropping to part-time...
The awkward moment mum describes your boobs as mangoes... o_O
“Apparently Vanilla Ice bought his mum a copy of Microsoft Office for Christmas.
Word to his mother.”
Lololol..
Ouch... My back... :(
Shenanigans.
Good hair day :) 
*Freddie Mercury fistpump*
I found a four-leaf clover!!!
*leprechaun fistpump*
Stuck on a train in Mulgrave... Second delayed train for today... I hate public transport...
Health and Politics. That was such a good lecture... 
*academic fistpump*
You know you've reached a low point when you start arguing with your parrot and then tell him you hate him and to creep into a hole and die. But he bit me so it's justifiable.
Bizzare day... What is it about me that makes people think they can just randomly walk up to me and chat? So many random conversations...
And now I'm doing my little sister's creative writing homework... Woot.
Ack!
Pondering the truth of the Cheerleader Effect...
Going back to black... 
Or in this case, chocolate brown...
L'oreal, Y U discontinue my hair colour???
"Alright now fellas... now what's cooler than being cool?"
Haciendo pupusas... quien quiere??
P-p-p-poker face 
p-p-poker face...
Anyone know what the deal is with the hostage situation in Parramatta?
Caffeine crash... Could do with a nap right about now... Nuuurrrrrrr.....
I whip my hair back and forth.
"That secret that you know
That you don't know how to tell..."
There us no doubt in my mind that my niece is a total Latina... She was due on the 3rd and still hasn't arrived... Fashionably late in true Latin style...
Fly like the wind, CityRail!!!
Woot.
Huge congrats to my sis and bro-in-law, Doris and Mario Hernandez on the arrival of their perfect little baby girl last night, 9th sep at 11.13pm, weighing 3.6kg and 51.5 tall. So proud of my sister, she did so well! and baby girl is beautiful! :) <3
Off to a masquerade...
According to a song they're playing at this event; it's fun to stay at the YMCA...
The nutbush???
Holy shit, the macarena... Kill me now...
Lady Macbeth moment...
"I have a mole???"
Has anyone seen my mum??
Stop searching everyone!! She just got back... o.o
A toast to the lessons not yet learned
And to the trials that will teach them.
haz a sad...
Argh... 
Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!
Major girl crush on Scarlett Johansson... Daaaayyyymn...
Ahhh... Dizzy spell... It all spins... Raaaahhh...
Left cheek, right cheek...
I love spring!! We get all sorts of awesome visitors! Tonight, a handsome little froggy came to see me. :)
Little brother going in for surgery in a few hours... Say a little prayer...
A big happy birthday to my baby sister Pahola Janira Zepeda. :) So proud of you chicky. Love you lots.
Birds of Tokyo, I am disappoint...
"I don't like that when Rapunzel's hair loses it's magical powers it turns from blond to brown. Brown is magical too dammit." - Adam Levine, 3 hours ago on twitter...
To which I @replied a marriage proposal... Hey, a girl can dream...
Off to see my little brother in hospital... Hope he's doing good today...
Can't read my
No he can't read my poker face
He's got me like nobody
Jurassic Park!!!! *prehistoric fistpump*
Watching Megafactories: Lego with my little brother because I'm awesome. 
He pulled out all his Lego Star Wars and Indiana Jones figures so they can "know where they came from." 
I like the way he thinks.
The rain took away my sunshine!! :(
Nachos for dindins... Crispy greasy cheesy creamy guacamole goodness... I'm soooooo going to regret this...
Dear future offspring: 
I expect all of you to win Junior MasterChef. Ok? Ok.
On September 31st, 2011 Facebook will start charging you for your account. To avoid this, you MUST get NAKED, stand on your dining room table and do the Macarena, all the while singing ”I Will Survive”. After filming and posting it to your Facebook wall and YouTube, then, and only then, will Mark Zuckerberg come down your chimney to tell you that your account will stay free. Pass it on, it must be true because someone on Facebook I hardly know told me.
I love my family :]
i just wanna remind everyone or tell that Pahola Janira Zepeda is pretty awesome and cool, to be honest i kinda wish, i was like her :( but yeah she's awesome :D
Terrible day to do laundry... :( 2 loads got rained on... :(
Draw me like one of your french girls...
Mum's trying to set me up with the male nurses attending my little brother... Not gonna happen...
